[Music]
Moonlight Glow, relax. You're fine.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
What do you call the sexuality where you
like men and women but they don't like
do
by yourself.
What do you call the sexuality where you
like men and women but they don't like
you?
By yourself.
What do you call the sexuality where you
like men?
[Music]
[__] shining AR.
a pa.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Okay, that was really nice. Hi everyone.
I'm releasing the pils.
Speak when
[Music]
hello.
I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared.
You're literally fine. Oh, okay. I'm
fine. You're like normal. Coco Melon
reporter fans.
Why are you becoming like low? I'm not
doing that. Anyway, I'm probably not
streaming for too long, but I'm
streaming right now while I get some
Doom in before I go to bed. Okay. Yay.
Um, yay. It's like 300° here. I don't
like it,
but uh at least we're killing people.
At least we're killing people.
Um, the beauty of it all. Also, we have
web punk in two days.
We have web punk in two days. We have
web punk in two days, which is nice. Web
punk in two days. Let's go.
Quick, do before bed. [__] Web punk in
two days. No, don't worry about it. Hold
on. I have I have uh
Don't worry, Bean.
You got to worry there.
Isn't that right? Swagglebatches 3000.
Not even her name. Her name
12. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
The third tower. No, there's Let's count
together. One, two. There's three.
Three. But that's You don't see the
third one? That's on you. It's not on
me. It's a one.
It's not even do that.
No, you can't do it.
It did it. I'll tell you what. It It did
it.
That's like its favorite thing to do.
Did 7-Eleven favorite thing to do. 71.
I really like I really like this one.
This one's really kind. I like this. It
is. Mama duck role play. Oh, wait. This
is t This is topical
cuz it's world.
You're fine. You're fine. Okay.
My legs have stuffed. Can I do that? Can
I do the Arya voice? Hold on. You do the
Topford voice. No, that's that's
record's job. I know. I know.
Oh, Huntress, can I tempt you with some
punset?
No thanks. I am stuffed.
Why do they look like that? The joke is
because they're a stuffed animal.
That's why it's funny. That's like the
That's like the funniness of it all.
Uh-huh.
That was moonlight glow. Surely
that was moonlight glow. Surely that was
moonlight glow. Surely.
Welcome to the locust. Moonlight glow.
Wait, why moonlight glow die? It's not a
joke. Locus. It's all It's all about the
joke.
Okay, calm down. Moonlight glow, did you
do the locust dishes this evening?
That's not a joke. That's
sure. Sure, dude. Sure, sure, sure,
sure. Okay, okay, okay. Relax. Wait,
hold on. What else do I have here? Hold
on.
No, wait.
Toys toys
to toys.
[Music]
[__]
[__] [__]
I'm never ever again falsely hating
Apathy 2017.
Bye bug
or or bye bug when you go bug but hi bug
right now when you're here bug bug right
now here bug or is it bankrupt this is a
really scarful screen shoot sorry
this is a really Hold on this is a
really scare screen this is a really
scare screenshot moonlight glow I'm
changing your name for a second this is
a really Scary screenshot.
It literally says screenshoot.
Oh, this is this is a really scarfy
screenshoot. Hold on. I got you. Hold
on.
Or is it bankrupt? I mean screen [__]
Okay. Wait, where the [__] did my
screenshot go? The screenshot
disappeared.
Or is it bankrupt?
Damn it. I mean, you sabotaged me.
Change it back to Scarfu.
Change it back to Scarfu. It's still
[__] up. It is. I mean, it is still
[__] up, but it's not Scarfu anymore.
Guys, this originally said this is a
really Scarfu screenshot. Not Scarfy.
Bean, relax. Bean, relax. Relax it.
Bean. Shining armor, man.
Yeah, I hate my apathy 2017.
Oh, man. And I can't say that. Apathy
2017 really helped me. I was worried
about that whole sleeping thing. I got
to go.
Oh god. I should I should have said
that. I should have said that.
Oh, wait. That's a record store saying.
Okay, that makes sense. Anyway, um let's
let's let's just play this pun all day.
Ralph egg.
Oh my god. Takamina. Oh,
why does it sound like Takamina again?
There's no way it's Takamina a second
time. Okay.
Oh, there's a pony in seas selling
seashells.
Seashells.
Oh well, can never get Ernest wrong.
I was about to say quick scope instead
of checkmate.
No, Little Hugs. How did I almost
confuse Little Hugs and can't stop
thinking?
What?
Is this
I'm going to try no matter what. 2015.
Oh, wait. No. Is this a wonder?
Oh, never mind.
Wait, wait. Swag. Swaggle batches. What
do you mean? Why do you mean your name
has changed? Your name has always been
Swaggle Batches 3000? Your name has been
You've always been Swaggle Batches 3000.
Remember when you changed it five and a
half years ago?
Yeah. It was like a big thing. You're
like, "No, I'm no longer Moonlight Glow.
From this day forth, I will be Swaggle
Batch's." Why are you just a pumpkin
now? Why are you just a pumpkin?
Why are you just a pumpkin now? That's
pumpkin. That's pumpkin glow.
Disrespect.
Kind.
This is like whatever you Someone in
chat said human. I remember your
screenshots.
What happened to the No, it's Oh, pin's
not
here.
It's counting down. Everyone Everyone in
here loves Swaggle Batches 3000. No one
dislikes Batches 3000.
The famous.
We'd always say, "Oh, that's a classic
Swaggle Batches 3000 joke, you know.
This carousel no
swag batches 3000 took everything from
me.
If the unloved is like murder. I love
bombs. I love murder. I love killing.
What's wrong with that? Why you always
hating me? Why you always hating me?
Slaggo batches 3000.
Oh, [__] Was that Swarm or whatever?
You know what? You should try Overwatch,
too. I was just doing this. I was just
playing Overwatch.
This has got to be sealed, right? No.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Wonderful.
And isn't that the wonderful of it all?
It's really bad. I don't know what you
mean, Swagle Batches. I've I I Overwatch
2 is a great game. You love it. You
always play Overwatch 2 with me, Swaggle
Batches.
What do you mean? No. Say
Oh,
I think I spelled Destiny's wrong.
Anyway,
no.
Said $18.99 from Quest. 1899.
This delivery again. How many times is
delivery going to show up tonight?
No. I will not let I will not let Bean
troll me again.
We will catch up one day.
Almost.
Oh,
scary
swaggle batches 3000 eclipse instead of
moonlight glow. That's so kind.
Does anyone remember the war?
[Music]
Oh my god. Wait, is that um
that SOS's kingdom?
How do I Okay. Is it fine? Is it fine to
mention Is it fine to mention him if I'm
just reading out a message someone in
chat said?
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. Wait, why
did I type Z's kingdom? This is [__]
Syndicate. I'm actually stupid. No, no,
that's Rouse's kingdom.
You said that's Rousey's kingdom.
Not even. I said I said,
[Music]
but you know what? Sure. It can be
Rousey's kingdom.
Oh, who was that?
Hector.
Fairy Tales is kind of like a dark world
when you think about it. Well,
yeah. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Why do people in why is
there like some people in chat still who
still spell it G r U Z? Why do was
really funny to me?
Slow the guy.
[Music]
Perfect. I can score on that one.
Uh,
one more. Oh, this is our
Wonderful again.
Nectar again.
That's shivers.
Classic overrun situation. Okay, nice.
Let's get gaming for a little bit.
Let's Let's get gaming for a little bit.
Um guys,
[__] Love Pony Stub on the 11th.
That's the next week.
11 pony step so soon. Love Pony Stub so
soon. I'm like super excited.
Yeah. The thing is is that um
for for Monarch, I was more like nervous
and anxious for the release than like
excited.
And Girls for Wizards was at a releasing
at a time where everything was kind of
dog [__] for me. So,
to be completely honest, this is like
the first time I've been like truly
excited to release something since like
maybe carousel,
which in retrospect isn't that long ago,
but it's like one mixtape. Why are you
opening Fortnite? Why am I opening
Fortnite? Thank you. We'll play Fortnite
later. Thank you, Pumpkin. Um, also
Pumpkin has a question.
You mean Swaggle Batch is 3,000? I mean
Swagle Batches 3000 recently renamed to
Pumpkin after 6 million years of being
Swaggle Batches. What is your what is
your question?
[Applause]
[Music]
Freaking Roblox. Every single time it
was like the Bethesda logo is Roblox.
I I definitely prefer Roblox over
Bethesda.
In the new comic it says Lula Moon made
Winter's End. So like
Oh yeah.
I was thinking about maybe marking down
which which album which things are made
by Lula Moonoon. That'd be that'd be
kind
cuz the thing is
Winter Winter's End has the song
Starship Ponyville on it which could
still work because
Lulu knows what Starship Ponyville is.
So
yeah.
Wait, this is kind of like vital signs.
Oh, I get it.
Like thinking out of the ones that don't
confine winter's end is like not that
bad of a pick. The walrus might be base.
It's a walrus might be vase.
Where you at? This is going to be like
the first
of my list. I'm sincerely not anxious
and very excited for in a while. Just
unrove. Hello. Until
everything.
I miss raving rabbits PS1 so much, says
Willow.
Well, you can play Rabbit's XCOM if you
want.
Major organ located. Major organ. Major
organ located.
Why are they all in here, guys? You know
this is like a creature and a character,
right?
For for game is too loud. Yeah, I'll
turn it down a bit more. For everyone
who hasn't heard the album already,
based on the titles alone, what do you
think your favorite song will be?
If you even like the album, that is
cuz maybe you'll hate it.
What do I [__] hate?
I have so everyone's like I have such
big hopes for Wonka XL.
Awesome.
Oh deary. The O deary part is just a
reference to dear Pokemon fan club's
fame.
Yeah, Shelly.
Shelly.
Shelly. Shelly collab's bigger crazier.
No one's No one's ready for the Shelly
collab.
I actually for people who haven't heard
the album already, I feel like they're
not really going to expect what what
happens on piece of glley.
True.
I feel like I feel like peace of GL is
going to be like a crack dream for like
one or two people.
Like like a handful of people who very
specifically want what's in peace of
Galen and like no one else.
Actually,
maybe maybe it isn't niche. Maybe I'm
thinking about this the wrong way.
And the best way I can put Love and Pony
Step is like is two things. me trying
completely new things that I've never
done before or me returning to stuff
that I haven't really done in like
almost 10 years.
People who who joined the Violet Pony
audience a long time ago may be
pleasantly surprised
cuz it's not just grossed out.
I love how falling in love with a
corporate illustration was initially
created from the vlog. Um, it wasn't
actually, but when when when we all met
up at at Jollibee, the song was already
like really close to being was was not
really close to being done, but was like
um it was already conceptualized and I
already put down a lot of stuff for it
already.
Yeah, I I already knew about the song.
That's why every single time I saw
anything corporate illustration like I
was like in love with it. We we we kept
pointing at corporate illustrations in
public and just being like, "Oh, I think
I'm falling in love with it." Wait,
Gwen, this isn't a corporate
illustration, but this remind me
remember that super cool [__] image
with all the like the fruits and [__]
That is kind of a corporate photo, but
yeah. Yeah, it's a corporate. It's like
aesthetic corporate, but yeah, not
really related. I just I just remembered
it randomly. I was like, "Holy [__]
that kind of that kind of Yeah, as you
remember. I I can't forget it. It's so
visceral.
What's a good corporate illustration?"
What's funny is there are actually a
lot, but like
they also kind of suck.
I was thinking of writing a blurb for
every song on the album. Uh, put in the
booklets and stuff. Oh, not you. I hate
this one. This one's so aggressive.
Can't get anything in.
I might be dead.
I'm already dead.
Um, falling in love with a corporate
illustration was inspired by several
different things.
I'll probably write a very ext I'm
probably going to write a very extensive
like write up on falling in love with
corporate illustration because it's
actually about a lot of different
things. But what inspired me to write it
specifically was I was riding in an Uber
and right now in Ubers they have like
little like some of them have like
little iPads in the back that show like
advertisements and show like activities
you can do. was like, I don't know who
the [__] using those, but like they
were there. Um,
and
I saw this little illustration of like a
like person. It was like in the
corporate Memphis art style, like the
corporate illustration art style. And
it was just like a it was just like an
illustration of like a person like
sitting in a chair and having like a
little nap and they look like very like
cozy and pleasant and stuff. And I was
feeling like really emotionally affected
by that artwork. And I'm like and and
suddenly I realize like I'm like being
emotionally affected by this thing
that's like basically an advertisement.
And despite the logic that I have and
despite the fact that I know that it's
just trying to take my money or like
trying to get me to interact, I can't
help but have this weird
human perception of this like corporate
advertisement at me. And
that's when I came up with a title. I
was like I felt like I was falling in
love with a literal drawing that's an
advertisement.
But there's a lot of ground that
corporate illustration covers
conceptually.
Another thing that uh drove me to write
the song was
um
in the last few years, Google has added
like auto
like auto reply auto suggestion things
to the email. And
sometimes I I I don't tend to respond to
all all my emails cuz I just can't. And
like sometimes it's it's I just don't
want to facilitate a conversation where
it doesn't really need to happen. But
what I don't want to do is is be mean to
people. And you know I I will get every
you know every day or so I'll get like
an email someone being oh like talking
about how my music has like helped them
and like you know what what what kind of
change in their life my music has
brought and stuff. It's always very
sweet. I don't usually reply to them
because it's like, you know, I don't I
don't really need to be facilitating a a
conversation with a with a fan or
whatever. But, um, it's always nice to
read. And sometimes the Google
the Google like auto suggestion
uh the auto reply suggestion thing will
like
offer like really rude
replies to them. like it'll just it'll
just say something really coarse like
not interested
or no thank you just like very cold
response to like a heartfelt email that
someone sends and like even though I
don't plan to respond to it I see that
like auto reply and it like crushes me a
lot cuz it almost makes it feel like I'm
saying that to this person. It's like
the email the the AI is like suggesting
how I'm supposed to feel about it and it
like really hurts my feelings. It really
makes me sad. I hate reading a nice
email and my auto suggestion just says I
I'm not interested.
It's that [__] sucks. And so another
aspect of corporate illustration is how
manipulative manipulative a lot of that
corporate slop slop is, especially AI.
cuz it [__] sucks, man. And like I
needed to write a song about how awful
that made me feel.
That's one of the other things. And uh
it the song isn't really cut or dry.
Whether it's like I I am anti-
capitalist as a person. I I totally
believe in dismantling capitalism.
Um, however, in the current state of
things, it's so tough because like, um,
we sort of live ruled by capitalism
right now and we can't help but be
emotionally affected by things that
capitalism creates, good or bad. And
it's this tough dynamic of of knowing
that
you need to fight this system and also
feeling dependent on it at the same
time.
Um
it's it's not really like a cutter dry
like for or against
even though I am against capitalism
but it's sort of just like
just like recognizing the complexity of
our relationship with capitalism and and
how weird it can feel to be emotionally
affected by these things that are
designed to take money from us and like
use us exploitively for CEOs and
whatnot. It's a it's I I will say I'll
go on record to say that I personally
think that falling in love with a
corporate illustration is my best song
to date.
So, I'm really glad I was able to make
something interesting out of these
feelings. And again, I'm saying this as
where where most people really haven't
heard the song yet, but I I definitely
think Falling in Love with Corporate
Illustration is my best song.
Okay. Eat this green thing.
What manner of organ is this?
This really does remind me of Ultrakill.
Your song changed my life. Okay, eat
this green thing.
Okay, eat this green thing. Eat this
green thing.
What if it was blue?
I think the really tough thing though is
cuz I have like a I've always had a
playlist of like, oh, these are my best
songs. This is like my portfolio. But
realistically,
um,
if I if I were being completely true and
honest, the portfolio would now just be
music from Monarch and Love and Pony
Step,
and that's like it.
I think these these albums kind of
eclipse anything I've done.
What the [__] is the point of this
thing?
Oh.
Oh, I get it now. Can I do that again?
Oh, it's going backwards. It's being
really weird.
Okay. Well, it wants me to go there, but
I want to look over here really quickly
cuz these all have things.
Oh, [__]
nice.
[__] me for exploring, I guess. Oh,
wait. You're easy to kill. I kill you.
Maybe one of the Check the other ones.
Maybe there's rewards instead of things
that you Maybe there's rewards.
Nope. Enemy of the state.
Why is Why is it like this? I
What? Why is it like this? That's really
funny.
your reward for exploring more locus.
What the [__] What the pronoun sold?
That's actually really funny though.
Like, okay.
Oh, good. I get like five Doom dollars
for that.
That was really sweet.
Anything else in this chasm of flesh?
What is your problem?
They're like all Okay.
Is that all that did? It just spawned
every single tentacle in the room.
That's
Oh, there's another Why is this a thing
that like exploring does? That's really
funny.
How do I get up there is a question I
have.
We go over there.
How the [__] do I get over there?
Oh, wait. Maybe it has something to do
with this
or not.
What
you
This is so peculiar.
How do I
Cuz that's like a red [__] weird
stone ass thing, right? I don't know.
God, this is my first time watching Doom
Slay Dooms Slayer gameplay ever.
Okay,
here.
All these tenttos are so mean.
Okay, I cannot figure out a way to get
up there. I don't care anymore.
Where's my emotional support, Fluffy?
I I agree with it. I like don't
particularly like the um I like the
design. Like I said before, I like the
designs. I don't like it almost feels
like like a mobile game but like
slightly like better.
Yeah, it has the environment design is
really good and it's like slightly
wasted on whatever graphics, but it
might just be because this is
PlayStation instead of PC. Maybe it's
not even just that though. It's like
some of like the gimmicks too, like some
of like the
I mean, especially the dragon thing that
look that's so much like the Yeah, a lot
of people are talking about the dragon
quite often.
And also, this is
not the most challenging Doom title of
all time.
Like I'm still dying, but that's cuz I'm
like spacing out or just like not
spacing myself properly.
I definitely haven't had a moment in
this game where it's like, "Holy [__]
that was so hard and unfair." It's just
like if I die, it's usually just cuz I'm
being lazy.
And this is on like medium difficulty,
too. I've heard people saying that even
nightmare mode is a little bit too easy.
In all fairness though, people who
probably would normally struggle with a
Doom game might really like this Doom
game because it's like a lot more
forgiving. I guess I think there's
something to be said for that.
Not that any of the other Doom games are
particularly like super hard, but you
know, something
everyone has something they struggle
with, I think, in games.
Now, let's eat this green thing again.
I like when Doom man punches green. It's
actually Doom Gal, but it's fine.
I'm like Black Ops 3 girl. I'm like
Black Ops 3 girl.
Help.
Wait,
I just realized I could draw a red
circle around my doom gal.
Holy [__] I can like use the blue if I
wish.
You see that?
Free blue.
Free free blue for me and you.
Doom Gal forgives you.
I don't think that's like her strong
suit, but it's like fine.
Wait, doom dollars.
Huge fan of these.
Actually, not
o.
Oh, that's the other thing. What makes
this game a little bit too easy is they
introduced the parrying mechanic. Except
the parrying mechanic is way too easy.
We could technically adjust the parry
window, but like
I don't I don't feel like the default
difficulty should be too easy.
Like the parry windows for everything
are are really really generous. Like
really really generous.
You could hit it like literal seconds
before or after and it still works.
I like that though.
What?
And these enemies are really not that
aggressive either.
I am still enjoying the game though. I
just hope that maybe they
patch some things in the future
cuz they totally can.
So it might change on harder
difficulties. Like I said, people have
been saying even the nightmare mode for
this gamer is is not challenging enough.
I am still enjoying it though.
There is something to be said about this
feeling like a laid-back experience, I
guess.
Oh no. closer.
Like I I I do enjoy running around
shooting and goring things up to [__]
That is a nice thing for me.
and punching the green. I guess I like
punching the green.
I was like, where's the rocket launcher?
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I also don't find myself having to like
manage ammo too much in this game
either. It sort of gives it out pretty
freely.
I don't find myself switching weapons
too much when I definitely could if I
wanted to.
If I remember correctly in the other
games, they really did make you manage
your ammo more. So, you did have to
switch weapons often trying to get
through your
strategy.
A joy.
This thing is not very aggressive.
Hello, shotgun.
You're here.
Sure.
[Music]
Is that it? I can have my toys now.
Toys.
Green ASMR.
What toys?
What is What is this guy's problem?
Okay,
that was sweet.
I don't think I'm going the right way,
but
I'm going here anyway.
Gross has a secret.
Still have no idea how to get up there.
B. Do you remember when your name was
Grusithy?
What? Do you remember when your name was
I do. Yeah,
cuz it was it was Chrysalis. But
chrysalisy because blankathy. No, it it
was it was Grusalis, wasn't it? Because
it was Well, oh yeah, I was trying to
drink it backwards, but yeah, it is
grilus. Chrysalis grilus and then adding
ith to everything cuz it's like penithy
quenthy. Uh-huh. So, it was just
gralysy.
It was really beautiful. It was really
kind of a kindness world that we lived
in. And isn't that the Isn't that the
beauty of it? Isn't that the grues of it
all? degree.
Sorry, I couldn't hear the first time
cuz I was I was listening to Get Sexy.
Okay. It wasn't like I didn't like put
Get Sexy on. I was just playing
Ultrakill and that's in the track list
for Cyber Grind for me. For your for
your Cyber Grind. Yeah. Yeah, I put it
in there. All of them?
Well, when I when I do the track for
Cyber Grind, maybe I'll sample Get Sexy
in there. Please. That'd be so peak.
That' be funny. You really funny.
Oh
my
hubris, etc.
finally the green Brian.
Oh,
bye bug.
Also, jump scare warning for everyone,
but Get Sexy is does have a cameo in
Love and Ponies.
That's true. It's very brief, but it's
still a jump scare.
It's like beautiful.
Sorry, you said something about get sexy
and I didn't hear it. What was it? It
makes a cameo in love and pony style.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, it does. It's
beautiful.
I don't know why I ran right over to the
mine.
I thought we're still in boat world.
What is the quick scope?
I saw someone saying somewhere that
there was no trick shots in my level of
quick scope. I'm like, yeah, that's why
we're I'm feeding for trick shots, but I
didn't actually make any. That's the big
brain of it all. I also can't hit trick
shots.
Like, I also saw someone say that I
didn't hit a five on in the music video,
but I like did. I'm a little confused by
that, too.
two or three of the clips, I think it
was like two of them were five. It's
just edited really fast
to like fit with the tempo of the song.
I wonder there might have been like a
six on.
There is that one raid looking map where
I'm pretty sure I hit like six or seven.
It's all the same clip. It's just edited
really fast.
Can the quick scope be green? What? like
in Doom.
Green.
You be crazy. Is Asgard be dead if Dez
does had a ballista?
I think Death deserves a ballista.
I agree.
I don't think she's made everyone suffer
enough. Give her a nuke.
The famous Delta Room nuke.
I love how much everyone loves Death
despite the fact that we've still never
really seen her.
Yeah.
What's going to happen if she looks
completely different from what everyone
shows?
If she's blonde, I'm going to If death
is blonde, I might like end it all or
something. Yeah, I'm really going to do
it. We're really going to do it this
time. Really going to do it this time.
Is Carol blonde? I don't remember.
She is. I think signal is surrounded by
enemy targets, but Rudy isn't. So, yeah.
I I I think she should look like Rudy.
What happens if Death is one inch tall?
Okay. I feel like that's not a question
anyone's asked before.
But I'm like really glad you did ask
that question. Hear me out.
What if What if that is Grooves?
Say that. What do you mean hear me out?
No one wants to hear that.
I don't I don't want to hear you. You
hate me. I don't I don't say you're a
bestie, aren't you? You're a bestie,
aren't you? Okay.
What? Halo. I wanted to hear. We should
talk about groups for an hour again.
Let's not do that. Let's do anything
else.
Wait, look at this weird. Look at the
weird.
It stands tall and firm above it all.
World's most famous staircase.
Why make Doom walk all the way up?
I wanted to ascend the staircase myself.
Okay.
[Music]
tower.
Heat.
[Applause]
Bean, which ice tricky is your favorite.
[__] I should have lied.
[Applause]
You
Hear me out. 328 like 32 like what about
him?
The fighting looks satisfying because it
is
usually.
I still miss the glory kill the old
glory kill system.
What?
Her energy is too powerful
even for you. Dr. Warcraft.
75% chip, 25% air death holiday.
She has the spirit of an ancient
sentinel god within her. A wraith who
are descendants of this realm.
Here her energy becomes fully
realized.
Whoa.
Whoa. And it can be harnessed.
Hey,
we should kill him.
Doomg girl face reveal.
We'll need something more permanent.
off my
No, they're putting her in a Pokéball.
No, this is too awkward and different.
Stop it.
I like technically don't know what's
going on.
Like they're just they're just doing
[__] in this game.
I don't know what they're doing right
now, but that's so [__] up.
I got my toys.
Toys. Toys.
I don't remember how many chapters there
are.
Uh,
how many chapters? Not in the Bible.
What?
How many chapters in the Bible? 22
chapters. Oh, we're almost done with the
game.
And it said that this was chapter 19.
There's 22 chapters.
I might need to replay this game on like
nightmare difficulty at some point. Back
alone and the slayer. Nothing.
Get him on.
Bishop Creed.
Where is the
Slayer came and there was a struggle.
We should leave.
Oh my god.
Portal 2.
Everyone out now.
Rona thinks he's in Balders's gate.
Ralders's gate. Balders's Gross.
You going to increase the game speed?
There's game speed.
What the hell? He's white. Yeah, that's
my thought saying most of the people in
this game.
I'm often thinking this when seeing
people in games or most
Oh.
The Eldrich goobers
moonlight glow. Wait, so like what's
happening? I like kind of don't know,
but it's like fine.
I don't know. I don't know.
Dennis Green is the goo.
They are rage, brutal, without mercy.
But you, you will be worse.
Rip and tear until it is done.
Oh, that's the line.
There's a doom nuke.
Oh my god, the bones are their money.
Let me go.
What?
Un undead doom gal.
What
do I only get shotgun? Oh no. All my
weapons are here. Okay.
They they somehow made Doom Gal whiter.
What is this? Where's our Oh.
Let's
see. I said game speed.
Turn it up a little bit. See how that
is.
Reloading. Attempting to connect to
sentinel network. the the doomed gow
head in the bottom has also changed to
reflect the undeadness of it all.
Oh,
wait. What?
Oh, I got it.
Oh, huge ran of the blood.
Signal detected.
Plane
doesn't have a helmet now. Doesn't that
mean they she can drown?
Get up. Oh, wait. No, she's undead.
Never mind. None of this matters.
Scanning. Vessel located.
I probably should have adjusted the game
speed a while ago. This already feels
better to play.
Like it feels like I was waiting hours
for enemies to do their attacks.
What's the point? Go back up here. Maybe
to go back to the shrine. I don't know.
Will there be redemption? Wrong game.
I kind of already want to play Replay
Red Dead though.
Such a great game.
Heat.
I just think that maybe
I shouldn't have to configure
settings to make the game like more
challenging. I feel like that should be
baked into the difficulty
by default, but I know they want to get
make this game more accessible. So, it's
like
Heat.
Although I don't like it when you beat
like one of the main like mini bosses
and then all the remaining enemies just
die automatically.
Like there they should still be there.
Okay, let's still be able to fight them.
The way to get up there might be going
around this way. I don't know.
Oh, how'd I get here?
Let's see.
What?
Wait, where did all the enemies go? I
was fighting them.
Where's the option to turn that off?
Ow.
Oh, okay.
Out of the way. Okay.
Yeah, I did see the individual settings.
I think my my complaint is just like
uh I feel like the default settings are
kind of boring.
Wait, what? Oh,
my gamer's folly once more.
cuz I'm playing on like the absolute
medium everything where I was and it's
just like that alone
should be like substantial but it isn't.
What was that strange activity?
Thank you for my doomed dolls.
I know I'm supposed to go over there,
but
I'm like definitely not more good than I
think. I've seen a lot of people
complain about the difficulty of this
game
in that it's too easy.
I think you can sort of tell from some
of the earlier gameplay, especially
doom dollars for me and you
Find him.
[Music]
No, Cicero. When do you think the next
time we're going to play Halfife on
stream is?
I'll give it till winter start. That was
a very cinematic way of phrasing.
I hate these fake cat demons.
Oh,
or doom dollars.
Arcane totem identified. Rerouting to
next objective.
Sometimes you got to find the blue
skull.
Give me the orb.
Time to give up your orb.
I'm giving orbs in real life. Yeah.
Heat. Heat.
help.
[Music]
to
heat.
Not enough Doom dollars.
[Music]
This almost sounds like the Black Knife
music from uh Delter. I'm I'm [__] a
little bit.
Everything reminds me of Delta Rune.
Damn it. The red skull is required.
Oh, you know how I feel about the red
skull.
Is that feasibly a way to skip this
section?
Oh no, it's required.
Oh no, it's not. It's for weird crystal.
kind of a huge fan of the weird crystal.
Oh, okay. That trick doesn't work.
I haven't really been using these
the uh the bow thing or whatever.
Final totem obtained.
Are we fighting again?
Hello. Where am I?
Oh, that worked. Another
Skirix in Doomgal leak. How original
That was a really pleasant combo.
Welcome to Black Ops.
Man, the locust is looking a little
different today.
Hi. Payment required.
Vessel scanned. Routing to bridge.
Heat.
Good. I'm in a corner.
Ah, missed that.
Heat.
Give me the orb. The orb that everyone's
been talking about. The really famous
one. Thank you.
Shout out to increasing my maximum skull
ammo. I've always wanted one of the
I must have missed that berserk.
We get to use it for that, I guess.
Takes guts to takes guts to be berserk.
I mean, yeah,
sure.
Help me.
Oh, life required. I don't know how.
Where am I?
I did not mean to do that.
My melee
I have doomed dollars for me.
Check settle.
Baba.
A wee wee baba
microwave meal for one type dubstep type
beat.
That was scare. That was scar.
Microwave meal for the masses.
So convenient they have so many
elevators to go to the places.
I'm trying to imagine people using this
like elevator rec recreationally.
This isn't really an I lived a [__]
moment. It's more just like a I died but
it doesn't [__] matter type moment.
Hell is an elevator. Dude, what the [__]
her hand?
Wait, that's a Violet Pony reference.
Yes, there's piracy going on. Moonlight
Glow.
Now announcing Moonlight Glow.
Thank you.
Too angry to die.
Like I guess
no rubies, no sapphires, but one wraith
stone.
X said, "Relax. Relax it. Relax."
Now announcing Moonlight Glow.
And I'm so evil that I work with violent
pony.
So, we are three more chapters. 2021 and
22. Um, I think I'll stop streaming for
now, but I feel like next stream we can
just finish, too. Um,
do we know what game I should play next,
guys?
Gwen, hop on Pilford Pillars.
You could Hey, you could play the new
stuff in Ultrakill. I'm just saying.
I could, but I want to play something I
haven't played before.
Batro. I've played Bolatro. I've beat
I've won Batro once
and only once.
Um,
someone someone was saying uh
what was it called? Wolfenstein.
the two like
it was like Wolfenstein. What was it?
New Colossus and then New Wolfenstein.
Another one. I've played Hades already.
Lego Star Wars. I have played Night in
the Woods. Yeah, I'm not too interested
in Monster Hunter. Baba is you. I've
tried to play and I never finished it.
He was like really hard.
I've never played it, but I really like
saying Baba is
It's a really It's a really good game.
I do have Slay of the Spire. I've
actually never played a Resident Evil
game.
That's actually a thought, isn't it?
Hold on.
That could be good. If I played a
Resident Evil game, what Resident Evil
would I play?
I don't know.
[Music]
Okay.
Cuz there's so many Resident Evil games.
[Music]
Lego Resident Evil
Operation Raccoon City, right?
All right, Resident Evil 4 looks pretty
reasonable.
Oh no, it's full of Oh, Kingdom Hearts.
Yeah, I did play Kingdom Hearts. It's
just there's like a million of them.
Okay. And then uh what about
New Order and then New Colossus.
Apparently, uh these are included in
PlayStation Network, so I can just play
these whenever I want to.
[Music]
Now the Kingdom Hearts I think. Um
Oh, okay.
Pico gave me an order to play them.
Can't play them all. here. But
oh man. Oh, there's so much [__]
One point. It's so conf It's so
confusing.
It's so very confusing.
I'll go through Pico's list and see what
to do about it. Oh, yeah.
That's That's our game. That's our game.
Uh that's our game
hints inside. I don't think I need Doom
hints, but it's like fine. Um people
always keep asking me to play uh Outer
Wilds cuz I haven't played that either.
So, might look into that as well.
I need to see if uh
if it's on Mac actually
cuz if it's on Mac I would be fine to
play.
Hold on. If it's not it's fine.
It is not.
But I'm pretty sure I could just play it
on PlayStation, so it's whatever.
Okay.
Also, I don't know if I answered, but I
did I have played uh I have played Night
in the Woods.
Night in the Woods is good. I love Night
in the Woods so much. Yeah. I wouldn't
mind replaying it, though.
That That would be good cuz it's just
it's just a good game for your brain.
Definitely.
I'd love to watch you replay it, too.
That would be cool. Yeah,
cuz I haven't I've only played it in
full once,
but
um I've I tried playing it a couple of
times before I finished it and I never
finished it those times and then a
couple years ago I eventually did finish
it. Um but I now that I've played the
whole thing, it would be interesting to
go through and like look at other
details about stuff.
Definitely. Now that I'm not focused on
trying to complete it, I can just like
look at everything.
Uh I never finished whatever the [__]
that uh dungeon crawler mini game is. I
never finished it.
Um Teres of the Kingdom Breath of the
Wild. Okay, here's the thing is I am a
really big Zelda fan. I don't feel like
that needs to be like sused out very
difficult. I feel like that's pretty
obvious about me. Um,
Tears of the Kingdom and Breath of the
Wild are like really cool and they're
really fun, but
they're also a little bit boring for me.
Dungeon crawler mini game. I'm talking
about the one inside of Night in the
Woods. Um,
Tears of the Kingdom
and Breath of the Wild are sort of like
empty to me. And this is me being like
really spoiled now that I've played
stuff like Elden Ring and and Red Dead,
like open worlds that are extremely full
of stuff that are like really
interesting. My thing is with Zelda,
these games, it's like the open world is
vast and there is a lot to explore, but
your reward is almost always the exact
same.
You're almost always exploring just to
find like a corroy or something and it's
like it's whatever. Whereas in games
like Red Dead and Elden Ring, you're
always like consistently rewarded for
exploring with like a lot of interesting
like story characters and like things to
consider. Tears of the Kingdom and
Breath of the Wild, their environments
aren't detailed enough to make you super
excited about just exploring it by
itself, which is a little unfortunate.
Um,
but but yeah,
it's complicated.
Yeah, it is very impressive. It is very
impressive. And also, and whenever I get
a Switch 2, I have no idea when that's
going to be. I'm sure the frame rate and
the resolution of these games are going
to look a lot better. So, I might replay
them just to see that. Um, part of me is
wondering if they're going to remaster
Violet and Scarlet because holy [__]
that game is rough.
Yeah, but it's like also a kind of an
enjoyable Pokemon game despite how dog
[__] it kind of is. So, I'd really like
them to like have it work at a
consistent frame rate with the
exploration of Starfield. I don't even
want to play Starfield.
I like don't want to play Starfield.
the first ones I beat since Hard Cold
Soul Silver. Yeah, Pokemon Violet is the
first Pokemon game I finished. I I
completed Pokédex for since Platinum
version.
And again, it's not like Scarlet and
Violet were really well polished games,
but
I did enjoy them a lot. They just kind
of suck.
What's your least favorite game genre?
Probably like
That's a really good question because
there's a lot of games I don't like
playing.
Um,
I normally don't like turnbased games at
all, but there are some that do it
really well. Can you do Gay Tetris on
stream? Actually, I can. Why don't I
just I'll play a little bit of Gay
Tetris before I turn stream off,
actually.
cuz I just like I just like gay tetras.
See, here's the thing is I would say
that I dislike most JRPGs except most of
my favorite video games are JRPGs,
which is a problem.
Yeah, I was actually in the middle of
playing Cypnos Space Outlaw and then I
didn't really finish it. That might be
fun to play on stream. I've sort of
forgotten most of it, but I do have it
and I was playing a little bit of that
one, but I never got very far in it.
It's my little gay Tetris. But um
yeah, I would say that JRPGs are my
least favorite type of game, but
my favorite games are Chrono Trigger,
Undertale, Delta Rude, Earthbound. So
it's like,
can I really say that? You like it?
Yeah.
Okay, that's probably it. I don't really
care for visual novels very much,
but I think it really depends because
a lot of visual novels tend to be like
weird like weird person anime stuff.
Yeah. So, it's like that is not very
interesting to me even a little bit.
who I want to have do a visual novel is
like either Baddy or Pico.
If either of them do a visual novel or
like Stardust also, I will play that.
That that is the kind of visual novel I
will play. I just I can't invest myself
in like in like bait anime visual
novels. I just can't. Yeah, a visual
novel from any of them would be crazy.
Yeah. Also, I need to read Aether Drop.
Yeah, an Aether Drop visual novel would
be great. True. Especially because I, as
much as I love uh Stardust's work and
characters, I also have a hard time
understanding them without a kinesthetic
experience to connect them to.
Fair. And I would really want to connect
to them more. Yeah. So, someone needs to
someone needs to like
invest in Stardust Project like
immediately.
True.
So
that was pretty good.
I really love this game. I never get
tired of this game.
What is Gay Tetris? This is Gay Tetris.
It's actually a lesbian Tetris, but it's
fine.
I don't even know if I'd like a visual
novel by me.
I don't know how I would make it
interesting for myself.
The way I tell stories is in are in like
weird formats
because my main focus is actually music
and not entirely storytelling even
though that is a huge part of it.
Music is always first.
So the way I tell stories tends to be in
really weird formats which I like. I
think it's cool.
Your mic is picking up your table sounds
I think. Yeah, it does.
But also uh there's a little bumping
sound in this game as well whenever you
place something. So,
but what it is picking up is definitely
my typing my keyboard or whatever.
Still waiting on the fairy tale sick.
That's my That's one of my next goals
now that now that Love and Pony Step is
complete.
I've said this before, but like
basically what happened was
uh I wanted to get to the fairy tales
fic and I wanted to get to promise
complex right after fairy tales.
Um
but then a bunch of things just kept
popping up in my life. things kept
changing so much and I kept encountering
situations and needing to like get that
out emotionally and artistically.
And
not that things have stopped happening,
but I'm at a point now where I've gotten
a lot of what I needed to get out out.
And um
the time has like finally truly
authentically
completely
come to
do Promise Complex and Fairy Tales.
Um,
this will be like really important
because I've been holding off on doing a
lot of the projects I want to do until
Promise Complex is wrapped up. Until
Saturn's arc is finally complete
there. I have a lot of work ahead of me,
but I I can definitely do it.
It's It's gonna be rough, but once we
hit the end of it, I'm going to be free
as hell
because
this might sound genuinely insane,
uh, if you know me and my music and
stuff, but like I literally have been
holding back a lot because
there's a lot of stuff I just can't do
until
uh, Saturn's Arc Promise Complex is
wrapped up.
everything. Most things I've been doing
have been side projects and just small
things to do,
which probably just sounds ridiculous,
but
what I'm saying is that once I'm free
ridiculous sounding, once once I'm free
of Promise Complex and Fairy Tales, I'm
going to go insane.
I'm literally going to go insane.
If people think my output is weird,
insane, and insane now, they just do not
understand what's going to happen when
Promise Complex is finally done.
There is like 20 different stories and
album ideas I have waiting
that I just haven't gotten done
cuz of Promise Complex and Fairy Tales.
Um,
I also saw something interesting. Uh
there's been a little bit of like it's
not really been a big deal like not a
lot of people are talking about but
there's been a little bit of commentary
of people being like
oh is this like the deonification of
Violet Pony and this is it isn't really
about like it not being pony music cuz
like my music's like probably always
going to be pony or furry adjacent in
some way. I just prefer that. It's it
it's good for my brain. So it's not I
don't think they were trying to say
that. I think the the point was people
have been saying like, oh, like there
really hasn't been a lot of like fan
music since Cutie Marks. Cutie Marks was
sort of like the last like fan album.
Um,
and
it's partially true because
beforehand,
no one really cared about my original
stories. And so my focus was mainly on
fan work and and canon stuff for a
while. And then starting after Cutie
Marks, especially with Fish Whisper,
suddenly everyone was actually paying
attention to my original stories and my
original characters and stuff. And
so I've been having a lot of fun with
the freedom to make like stuff about
whatever I want to now and people will
actually pay attention to it.
Um,
and moving forward,
my main focus is going to be on original
characters and original stories and
stuff like that, like Carousel and
Monarch and Girls for Wizards. That will
be my main focus moving forward.
However,
I still love the hell out of My Little
Pony first and foremost.
I'm I'm re-watching the series like
every other week.
I still adore the show and I still love
it very much. And I don't think people
realize that
even though I am going to be focusing
more on my original characters, most of
the backlog stuff I've been planning has
all been car like canon stuff. Actually,
I had um
this might sound surprising, but if you
think about it, it's true. I've never
made a vinyl and Octavia album,
even though it seems like I would be the
prime candidate to be someone who would
do that, but I just haven't.
And uh I had a vinyl and Octavia album
idea in in in in the notebooks.
Will it happen? Not sure. But that's one
of them.
Another one I had was a was an Apple
Jack album, a country album.
Will that happen? No idea. But it's in
the notebook,
you know, like I have a lot of these
just sitting around in my in my notes.
Um,
so again to summarize, even if my focus
will be on original characters and
stories from now on, I don't really
think like fan art, fan music is really
going to go away necessarily
cuz my passion still exists there.
And I think it's kind of funny, right?
cuz like
a lot of people who have been getting
into my music do not really care about
My Little Pony or do not care very much
about like this kind of culture. And
because my music has only been
tangentially related in the past few
years, they're like, "Oh, it's like you
don't really need to know about anything
about MLP to like blah blah blah blah
blah because it's so tangentially
related, but I'm going to pull the crazy
move on them and do like canon stuff all
of a sudden."
people people think, "Oh, it's like I'm
getting more popular, so I'll stop doing
like canon stuff." But, uh,
I'm I'm basically what I'm trying to say
is is I'm trying to grow my popularity a
bit so that I can I can
I can turn the tables around and uh, hit
them with pony music, like actual like
canon pony music.
I'm leading them in.
So, you know,
for the culture, for the love of it all,
for the love of the game,
I also had a uh a mod and bubbles
project, like an EP idea. A lot of that
actually got turned into Love and Pony
Step.
The opening track to
the album of Love and Pony Step is one
of the songs from that idea.
Some other interesting commentary I've
seen are people being like really
baffled that I do all the music by
myself. They're like, "Oh my god, how
could someone like do all these styles
and do all this stuff completely like on
their own?" It's like I don't know these
people realize that this actually like a
very standard practice now. Like a lot
of people do everything by themselves
and a lot of people do a lot of
different styles of music.
Jane Remover is a great example and also
a really big inspiration to me
like in in their entire discoraphy it's
like what you have a Digi Core hyperpop
album then you have an emo shoe gaze
album noise rock album and then you have
like indie rock album followed up by a
[__] rage album.
It's like I'm not the only person who
can do this [__] I see people say [__]
all the time like there's no one else on
earth who could do what Violet Pro does.
It's like my inspirations are doing what
I do.
Like I I appreciate the love so much,
but it's like
I think the one thing you got to do is
make sure you're not coming off as like
super annoying to like outsiders, right?
Cuz if you start giving crazy
unwarranted praise, I don't know, people
people get really people get really
annoyed at that and for like decent
reasons.
I do appreciate the love, but you know,
so something I've been thinking about a
bit.
I think that too much
unconsidered praise can do similar harm
to too much unconsidered like
uh resentment.
If you're talking over the art, we we
were having this conversation with
Fluffy actually, but if at any point
you're like talking over the art one way
or another, that's not a good thing
necessarily.
Yeah, and it is also tough because like
people get really excited and passionate
about this stuff. So, it's hard to blame
them for wanting to like be so vocal
about it, but you know,
here's here's the scary thing. This is
this is this is a kind of concept that
scares a lot of people, but it's not one
way or the other.
Like, you have to have balance and
everything.
Everything is nuanced and not black and
white, which I know is a very scary
concept for for a lot of people.
One of the interesting things about the
lived organic
uh sapient experience is
um the fact that we basically have to
accept living in a gray area forever.
There's almost nothing
that you can treat without nuance with
full authenticity.
which is tough, especially when it feels
like you're being threatened all the
time,
cuz there's a lot of threatening [__]
going on all day, every day, everywhere.
And as tough as that is,
you know,
it's it always it is always true.
Nothing is like black and white.
Also, I love gray color. Of course, I
want to be gray area. Well, not only is
the gray area what we live in, but also
it's a really good little Sims album.
But also
gray means clouds. Clouds mean rain.
Rain means life. And that's good.
That's a good thing.
We like rain,
but not too much
cuz nuance.
How you how can you think and play at
the same time? Um, I don't know. This
game comes really naturally to me, which
is weird cuz I'm not usually good at
games that
have mechanics like this, like physics
and stuff, but
I don't know. A lot of this is very
automatic to me. It's like therapeutic.
No such thing as too much rain in my
opinion. Well, floods.
Even the most life-giving resource can
kill.
Hold on.
it would be in that that one. But people
be saying things so definitively like
man I think it depends maybe one of the
best Tumblr posts in the history of the
world.
This is kind of going back to what you
were talking about a bit earlier, but I
find it interesting how
most people like care more about the
canon characters and that's how they got
into because of stuff like cutie marks
and like the reason it probably got like
put in front of my eyes to like get into
is because of that becoming more
popular. But I don't think I would have
started caring as much if it weren't for
your own original stories and characters
because that's what got me like very
very into your music. I think that's a
very common experience I've been seeing
people like
is people will initially find me through
like the stuff like lesbian pros with
weapons and like a lot of the cutie mark
stuff but then what they end up talking
about the most the most online
discussions that I see happening are
like about my original characters.
Yeah. I feel like that's a very common
experience now, which is really
interesting to me. And I'm like still
not used to I'm about to get [__]
here. I'm going to
Or am I? Or actually, maybe I'm just
goated.
Wait, am I Will I live?
Will I live? Wait, no, I'm dead. Wait,
[__] I [__] up my rotation. I'll do
one more and then I'll end stream. But
um
It still blows my mind because
still for most of my career, we're
starting to approach the point where
it's not the most of my career anymore,
but presently for most of my career as
an artist, no one really paid attention
to my original characters and original
stories and stuff. Um, my first big risk
was putting out Super Porny World 2016,
which was underdeveloped cuz I was like
17. and I was still trying to find my
way around stuff and like I wasn't fully
ready to commit to like a magnumopus of
some sort or like you know my writing
skills weren't there etc etc etc but I
took a risk of like trying to do an
original story with original characters
and the reception of it musically was
like pretty reasonable like that got a
decent viewership
given the metrics that I had at the time
but no one ever talked about the story
or the characters or or like I always I
did like a lot of ARG stuff and like
breadcrumb trails of like giving people
opportunities to learn about the lore
and no one was ever interested enough
and in a way that was like disheartening
but in another way it was like I guess I
just wasn't ready to to do all that yet.
um tried again with Mystic Acoustics and
like before people it was like musically
received pretty well and got a lot of
views um for the metrics that I had at
the time, especially the Watcher. But
yeah, as before, no one really talked
about the story or anything.
And so this was sort of consistent with
me experimenting with original
characters and storytelling and stuff up
until
Cutie Marks where
I then did Fish Whisper after Cutie
Marks and suddenly everyone's talking
about Cany, everyone's talking about the
story. That was that was weird for me.
That was a really weird experience cuz
we're talking like
I put out Super Pony World 2016 in
well 2016 and Fish Whisper was 2022.
It's like it took 6 years for presumably
anyone to really care about the stories
I was telling.
Mhm.
Or if you want to count the fact that
I've been releasing music as Violet Pon
since 2012, then really it took 10
years. Mhm. And so
it's still a weird shock to me. I'm not
used to it and I really appreciate it. I
actually like get to talk about the
stuff I want to and everyone's like
actually on board. And now now once you
now once you release Promise Complex,
people will care about Saturn. Okay.
Well, we'll see about that. But you
would mean mean to her. I mean,
let me let me figure out how to make
Saturn interesting first. Fair. Cuz
that's the problem is at least people
care more about Spectre cuz Spectre is
cool as [__] It's funny cuz it's kind
of true. But um
the problem with Saturn is that I kind
of just made her like a character that
is just like chosen one type trope.
And it's hard to separate her from the
chosen one trope. And I feel like that
was just a mistake because it's hard to
really give her a lot of personality.
And so
I feel like that's one of the reasons
why people didn't talk about the story
is because it's like no one even knows
what she is really.
Which is just cuz I wasn't a good enough
writer yet. I didn't understand how to
do that stuff yet. Yeah. It also wasn't
a stick written like in a few days or
whatever. Technically, yeah, it was
conceptualized over many years, but the
actual written material was over the
course of a few days. Yeah, I'm sure
that didn't help alongside not knowing
how to like make her a good character.
No, no, absolutely not.
Um, but even if my writing skills were
on par with right now back in the day, I
don't think people would have cared
anyway just cuz there not enough people
were talking yet.
Mhm.
But I'm like really really grateful that
that's a big part of it now.
Mhm.
Cuz the thing is like I don't want to
really make a movie. I don't want to
make a game, but I want to tell stories
and I make music. So put two and two
together. That's like my thought process
with it all.
Oh, crazy
crazy.
I'm dead. I'm dead. No, I'm not. And I'm
dead. And I'm dead.
Okay, now I'm dead.
No,
we're still somehow in this. Now I'm
dead for certain. Okay,
let me read the chat for a minute.
So, Queen of Misfits and Monarch of
Monsters. The reason why Monica is
technically a sequel to Queen of Misfits
is cuz like Queen of Misfits was an
album where I was like very much like
woe is me
and like oh look at all the stuff I've
been through that have like hurt me and
then Monarch was the inverse where it's
like woe is everyone else because of the
way that I've been in the past if that
makes sense.
Yeah, was talking about trauma done to
me. Monarch of Monsters is talking about
trauma I've done to other people.
Um, the Monarch Nolla is on
Violet's website. Yeah, hold on.
Uh,
Violet Pony website. The Violet Pony
Wiki. The Violet Pony Wiki is a there's
also a link to it on there.
But yeah, if you want to read the nolla,
you just go to the music page, go to
Monarch,
uh, and you can go to this page and you
just click here.
Gemini AI, stop it.
Can you imagine the AI trying to
summarize monarch monsters? That's
That's scary.
Scary concept. That's really scary. And
technically, you can download the entire
album for free as well from Google
Drive.
Not everyone knows that, but you can
literally just go to the album page on
my website and get the album for free.
There's just no metadata, so you have to
do it yourself.
Um,
throwback to Google Translate. Sludge.
Oh my god. Alcohol is the root cause.
Alcohol is the root cause. Alcohol is
the root cause.
My memory is like really bad, but I
really remember sludge. Google translate
version.
Do you normally put your metadata in
your songs? Was that falling out of
style? Well, technically the metadata is
all from Band Camp. So, if you buy the
album on Band Camp, it all comes with
like really nice metadata and stuff, but
my thought is it's like if I'm going to
also give a free version of the album, I
might as well just make it just like as
raw as possible
cuz it's like if you're going to get the
album for free, I'm going to make you
work for it just a little bit. You know
what I mean? True.
Um, that's how I feel about pirating,
too, is like I won't I won't advertise
pirated versions of my music. Like, I'm
not going to be like, "Here's exactly
how to pirate my music." But I'm not
opposed to people doing that at all.
But it's just like you have to work for
it a little bit. If you're going to get
it for free, you have to work for it a
little bit. That's it.
Um,
yeah, that's that's just how I feel
about it.
Um, I'm pretty sure that's how the
cuz this is a practice that Death Grips
does is they will have like cuz they
obviously they sell their albums. I have
like almost every Death Grips thing
physically as like a vinyl. Um,
except for Ex-military
because
only bootlegs really exist in that one.
Um,
but despite the fact that Death Grips,
their project is like quite I would say
probably lucrative for them and they
probably make money off of it a pretty
decent amount. Um, they also on their
website, if you just go to the Death
Grips website, they just have every
single album for free there, too,
including stems for some of their albums
as well. Um, I'm not going to do that
with every album, but for Monarch, I
wanted to just because it's like my
thought was here's an album about how
terrible of a person I've been in the
past. If you don't feel like paying
money to have to hear that story, you
can just download it for free
type thing.
What was the original line for alcohol
is the root cause? That's the rivers run
red.
Yeah, it's really nice.
Um, Love and Pony Stat won't necessarily
have a free version endorsed by me. like
I'm not going to have like a free
version available from my end.
Obviously, if you want the OB for free,
you can just pirate it. Um, and let me
see
where is the where is the
So, I was saying that um, for the
pirated version of Love & Pony Stuff, it
should have an alternate cover. I don't
know how many people are actually going
to do that, but it would like be really
awesome if anyone who pirated the album
uses the alternative cover. And I was
thinking like the alternative cover of
Love & Pony Step would be like really
silly looking. It would be like really
like cuz if you ever on Lime Wire back
in the day or any other website and you
were downloading music, sometimes the
album covers would just be make no
[__] sense. They would like be maybe
tangentially related to the album, but
they wouldn't be like the album cover.
And sometimes they would have like
advertisements and like [__] and like
whatever. And so I was like, if there's
going to be a if anyone's willing to
cooperate,
um I I hope that the pirated version of
Love & Pony Step has a different album
cover. And uh here's the cover.
Oh, yeah. I I wanted it to look like
crusty. Oh, that's really beautiful.
Crusty. Like there's like filters on it.
It's so crusty. I think this would be
like for anyone who pirates the album. I
feel like I would really appreciate if
you use this album cover for it.
Really [__] gangsterradio.com.
Making a pre-made pirate album cover.
It's so funny. I mean, it's fun. It's
like so much fun. It's like kind It's
like gentle and kind to do. Um, again,
I'm not going to put the album in in
like torrenting spaces or like uh music
sites myself,
but for whoever does end up, you know,
circulating the album through like
piracy, I'm just asking guys if you
could make this the cover when you're
getting that when you're getting the
album around, please, please do. I think
that'd be awesome.
Um I'm going to include this in the
download for the album so that you know
usually the way it works is um someone
will buy the album legally and then
they'll you know put it up on sites and
stuff. So whoever is going to like do
that make this the cover please. This is
an open call to anyone who's like doing
piracy. Make this the cover.
I was thinking at some point I would do
like a torrenting tutorial and I would
use like my music as an example cuz I
think right now especially new gens who
are like iPad babies do not know how to
use Bit Torrent and that's a problem.
That's a big problem. Um everyone should
know how to everyone should know how to
how to to stuff. And um I was thinking,
well, if I just do a tutorial using my
music, who's going to get mad? Who's
going to get mad about it? I don't have
a record label, right? No record label
executives be like, "Why are you doing
this? You can't do this." Right? No
one's going to come after you for
pirating violent pony music. So, it's
like, "Dang, it's just it's just for
education.
It's it's just it's just to show how
it's done." And uh it's all completely
legal because uh I'm I don't [__]
care.
And it's hard to make a video on it
because to do it, you sort of would have
to show something uh potentially
difficult to show publicly. But it just
doesn't matter if it's my own [__]
Where's Vid giving us the bit toward
Toro? Vid should do it. You're so right.
You're so right. You're so right.
That's awesome. Also, yeah, all my
plugins are legal,
but it you don't have to do that. Just I
make enough money that I can't really
justify to companies that
that I need to like torrent stuff from
them. But
but yeah, you know, the internet's
getting weirder. The internet's getting
harsher and colder and more
corporatized.
more people are using non-computers to
do stuff online and everything.
And I think
one of the best skills you can have as a
computer user right now is understanding
how to do this stuff properly.
you know, whether it's because you don't
you can't afford something or something
needs preservation,
you know, uh the internet is getting
really really really
corporatized.
And this is one of the ways you can
maintain your freedom as someone using
the internet. You know, in an age where
people are gatekeeping more [__] in an
age where everything is a million times
more expensive,
this is going to be a very important
skill. So, I don't know how, why, where,
when
stuff is going to happen, but uh
I'd like to at least try and help
educate people on how to do this stuff a
little bit more.
And uh using my own music isn't the
problem cuz who [__] cares?
And again,
you the age old adage,
if buying something isn't ownership,
then pirating it isn't stealing it.
In an age where almost every single
Nintendo game in its catalog is you
can't get legally without spending
3,000, 4,000, $5,000.
I don't know.
In the age of streaming, here's the
thing, right? If you want to rapidly
build a uh
like a database of music for yourself,
local files, are you really going to pay
for all that? Like, I've been building
up a physical music library for
When did I buy my first CD?
What was What was the first CD I bought?
It would have been like 2007.
I've been yeah I've been building like a
music library for almost 20 years. If in
the age of Spotify and Apple Music and
you just want to start building a
library right away can't just drop all
the money for that [__] man.
Here's the other thing. A lot of
incredible albums you can't even get
legally. Um,
back to Death Grips Ex-military.
Um,
that album is not available anywhere
legally because
of how m just the sheer amount of
uncleared samples on that album that got
them in trouble.
Um,
it's just not on platforms. The only way
to get exmilitary
is um digitally you have to get it from
like a their website. Physically you
mostly just have to buy a bootleg.
Um,
what was it? Uh, I was going through
I think it was a Rich Gang mixtape.
I don't remember which one it was.
There's there's a Rich Gang mixtape that
I was wanting to get as a as a local
file and it's not available on any
store. So, the only way to get it was
through archive.com.
It's it's you know it's it's archival.
It's preservation.
What else?
There's a lot. Oh. Um, when I was trying
to grab a Glenn Branka's The Ascension
digitally, I literally couldn't find a
legal like version of it for a while. I
think it might be back on platforms now,
but when I was looking for it, it was
taken down everywhere.
So, the way I got it was there was a
weird [__]
like there was a there was like a weird
indie punk
like blog
like WordPress blog that just posted
obscure not that Glenn Branka is really
obscure but like you know posting like
obscure and and rarer punk records
digitally onto their blog and that's
where I got the the attention and I I
don't think anyone should be gay keen
from listening to [__] Glenn Brank
the ascension.
So
yeah, none of this was even torrenting
either. Like this is just normal normal
website usage.
Um,
I mean, my original copy of Scary
Monsters and Nice Sprites, the album
that changed everything and and made me
start music as Violet Pony, I didn't buy
that at first.
And that one I did pirate, that one I
did uh do a tour to death way back in
2012.
And it's like, could you imagine what my
life would be like if I didn't do that?
If I just was like, "Oh, I can't buy
this, so I guess I won't listen to it.
Could you like imagine where where
everything would be if I just didn't do
that?"
just cuz it's like um
art is uh you shouldn't really be gay
cups, especially in the world right now
where everything's so [__] dog [__]
where art is kind of like something you
can consistently have to just get
through [__]
I don't post the stems for my songs
publicly at the moment, but
um I'm thinking of maybe doing the quick
scope stems
pretty soon for fun cuz why not?
I have stems for a lot of songs. I just
don't put them out.
Oh yeah.
Anyway, I'll put this cover in the
download for for Love and Pony stuff.
And uh anyone who
does their civic duty of the internet,
feel free to slide this into the
metadata for me.
Yeah, shout out.
Anyway, um that was like an extra hour
of stream that I wasn't anticipating on
doing, but uh thanks for coming.
Oh, that's my beasts.
That it my beast, bro.